---
published: true
title: 7%
layout: post
---
I started working in 2004 straight out of university. Since then I have taken a dozen various roles over half a dozen companies across 2 continents. I have been promoted several times and have taken on responsibilities of increasing complexity and magnitude.

It all came to me through determination, luck and common sense. And it is getting predictable.

Perhaps I have been around long enough that it becomes tiring. And I am increasingly aware that I am moving closer to the halfway mark of my life. I can either choose to continue the path, or stop and think.

I have chosen to stop and think. 

No, I don't want to end up as one of the execs in a large company 10 years from now.

The rebel in me has been urging me to charter something new.

Indeed, over the past 12 months I have started a series of minor rebellious acts. So minor that it probably does not mean a thing on its own, but I know they are snowballing to a breaking point.

So should I wait till a point that it breaks me? I'd rather be the one who pull the cord.


Over the next 4 months I will take deliberate steps every day to move closer to my goal. I will document what I have accomplished, regardless of its magnitude. 

This time, I am not going to subscribe to the orthodox way of achieving goals. There will be no project plan, no water fall gantt, no milestones. 

Just moving closer to my ideal state day after day will be the goal. 7% better every day. Why 7%? There is no explanation. I am deliberately moving away from my forte of establishing clarity and diving into the realm of uncertainty - largely - with the only certainty of day over day growth.

This thought has silenced all noises in my head. I am committed to this. Let's see how it all pans out.